Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/using_visit/WorkingWithFiles/File_Open_Window.rst

---------------------

The **File Open Window** allows you to select files and simulations by browsing 

> filesystem either on your local computer or the remote computer of your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file system either on your local computer or the remote computer of your 
```

authenticate your access to the remote computer. To set up password-less 
access to remote computers, refer to :ref:`SettingUpPasswordlessSSH`.

> Once a database server is running on the remote computer, its filesystem 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a database server is running on the remote computer, its file system 
```
